What he
He actually opened the door to Yunquan
Impossible. He has been a cow and a horse in my Sun family for three years
I know the best about a few catties and taels.
He is absolutely impossible to be Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai
But he did open the Heaven's Dou Skylark
How to explain this
Anti-drop adults are supreme
How could it be possible to open the door for us little people?
I think he's the doorman here.
Oh.
I see.
So you've been at the stadium before
Bragging about being related to Heaven Dou
After a long time, it turned out to be a watchdog.
You two dog minions
Why don't you hurry up and call the master?
A watchdog rides on our heads
Lin Ce, Mr. Zhou and I are just teasing you
Do you really believe it?
Hmph unbelievable
humble character
You two are a match made in heaven
Ah!
This is the handsome magic weapon of Tian Doulong
This knife looks like it's because of someone's arrival
Make him react
That year, the Tiandoulong rate chose to return to the army
Choose to leave the Eight Desolate Swords here
If there is a foreign land
Either Lord Long Shuai is cleared
Or a new generation of pride
Resonated with him
Tiandoulong Shuai hasn't come yet
Who is it that resonates with?
Who will be the new generation of Tianjiao?
Whoever pulls the knife out
Who is the new generation of genius?